You can spot it down the street by its red and white stripe awning and the mosaic tiling. Don't come here looking for high end food. It is a good old fashioned greasy spoon. And that is what you get. It has a funky, eclectic vibe, and it is fun to be there. I order a different thing each time. There is lots of variety, I never know what I'm going to get, but you can be sure that it is a big portion and that it will not break the bank.
Don't rag on Louis!
I know it's an institution, but this place should just shut down already.  

Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and I love everything about it.  Eggs? The best.  Toast? Yes please! The "drunk Johnny" omelette with hash and potatoes in it?  Sounds awesome!

Unfortunately everything about my meal was just gross and greasy.  My mom was unfortunate enough to order the huevos rancheros, which was cold salsa, cold black beans, and cold shredded cheese dumped on a plate.  They also use Promise or some other type of oily spread on the toast (and maybe on the potatoes too?  Would that explain their limp, greasy nature?).

I'm aware of the concept of a "greasy spoon" place--I'm a fan of places like the South Street Diner in Boston, and I've sampled my fair share of scrapple in Pennsylvania--but the atmosphere here was too bizarre, awkward, and dirty to pass off as a classic example of American kitsch.  If all the staff weren't drugged out it sure seemed like it; I guess we know how they stay open all night...

I just love them. They seem grouchy but give it a minute. They grow on you. 
This is the quintessential greasy spoon. It has all of the things you would expect, and a bunch of things you might not. If you're looking for hand cut corned beef you might want to try another place but what they do is done well. Not to say that the corn beef is bad. Or anything but I've had there is bad for that matter. But you're going to get simple old-school honest good food.The last time I was there I got eggs over easy toast a corn muffin grilled and shared a grilled Danish as well. When you consider that I work late effective this place opens at 5 AM is fantastic for someone like me. I would rather go here then the 24 hour IHOP any day. It's one of those secret Rhode Island institutions that if you consider yourself a Rhode Islander you should probably go to.

Came into Louis looking to enjoy a basic breakfast meal but was unfortunately just disappointed. First thing I noticed was the service/staff... looked completely miserable from the moment we walked it, granted it was pretty busy Sunday morning, a nice "hello how are you?" would of been nice. One guy in particular... completely reached over us to give the guys sitting next to us their food without a simple "excuse me." pretty sure I didn't hear him speak once and he interacted with us a handful of times. Our waitress wasn't a ball of sunshine either. 

Food was okay, certainly nothing special and have easily had more tasty simple diner food. I ordered buttermilk pancakes with blueberries and walnuts and basically the only thing that had any sort of taste were the walnuts. Blueberries had no taste whatsoever (probably were frozen) and the pancakes were just bland. I also ordered a side of home fries which were cold when I received them and again, were nothing special. 

Honestly, save your money or spend it someplace more enjoyable!
First off, I'd like to say that if this place ever closes, I'll be depressed. I've been coming here for years and the owner is literally the sweetest man of all time. It's a neighborhood cornerstone :-)

The food is delicious, but simple. The service is typical of a diner... Don't expect to be coddled. They aren't rude -- just don't be picky. What you see is what you get... and what you get is amazing food at prices that can be considered an act of charity.

My faves? The drunk johnny omlette, the pumpkin pancakes, any of the muffins, and the random special that pop up and tickle your fancy. No-nonsense food with lots of history.

Louis' has an absurd logic to it. The truly genre-less aesthetic + the bizarre boundaries & contours of the menu, + particular ethos of the people working there are valuable in and of themselves. 

They will make you whatever you want if they can make it. This includes a variable amount of whatever (1 pancake, exactly 7 eggs, etc...)

A highly situated greasy spoon. more or less inimitable.

ideal order: 1 pumpkin pancake with bananas & chocolate chips, 2 eggs over medium, johnny cake toast, sliced tomatoes, coffee.